483 Markets
There are 483 markets which sell vegetables but not anything sweet, when sweet things are defined as honey and jams.


Highest: Vermont Lowest:Texas
The number is the number of farmers markets for that state divided by the population of that state. The population values I used were the population values of states from the 2010 US Census.


1615 (Estimated)
I computed a straight line across the Rockies on a Cartesian projection of the map of the United States, at 2 distinct points  (29.598934, -102.041016) (Dip in Texas) and (48.739286, -113.642578) (Montana Moment). I found the equation of this line and used a Linear Equality to map out the solutions for longitude points that were less than the equation of that line when set to zero on one side, and substituted the corresponding x and y values for each entry. For the left side I used the state lines as the boundary, since the state lines mostly coincide with the Mississippi River.


Ambiguities in the Dataset
I noticed while analysing the data that there were some ambiguities, including a lot of data that were "almost duplicates" of each other. For example, many of the data items had the same value for MarketName, street and website, but were located at longitude or latitude coordinates that were a fraction of a degree away from each other, which made me wonder about the integrity of the dataset as far as it translates to the real world. I also noticed that several of the state names were misspelled, such as "Calafornia". I did not eliminate the duplicate values because I didn't really find any exact duplicates in the dataset, so I treated each of the entries as if it were of equal value. I partially sanitized the data set while doing the second problem by fixing misspelled state names as well as some entries for states that were moved into the zip column.


Herbs in New York and California
One fact that I noticed is that the number of Farmer's markets selling herbs in New York and California is roughly 12.6 percent of the total.
